hey everyone so just before we get into
today's vlog I just wanted to draw
attention to a documentary called
feeling blue mental health at Cambridge
University it's been made recently by a
group of current students and recent
graduates based on their research into
how mental health is addressed and
experienced at the University I think
it's extremely important that mental
health issues aren't just brushed under
the carpet and it's so great to see that
something's been made to encourage
discussion on the topic the whole
documentary is uploaded onto YouTube so
I'll leave a link in the description if
you want to watch it I'd highly
recommend giving it a watch and I'll run
a clip now as well which is taken from
the documentary just to give you a
taster and then we'll get on with the
vlog yeah ah clip one that everyone says
in the work load there are always people
crying in the library actually excess
workload in some subjects after my first
term I've basically done an entire first
year chemistry biochemistry and
physiology I didn't realize that I came
here just how hard Steven worked
in my first term I had 16 essays in 8
weeks a particular competitive intense
environment he me periods of chronic
stress and anxiety and worries the
shortness of the terms very short terms
horrible thing both why are they so for
constant stress pressure cooker of
Cambridge workload heavy workload highly
intense and pressures stressful
environment stress what grade in
Cambridge it's super intense very
stressful exhausting astronomical
pressure pressure pressure could not
keep up high workload pressure at rest
at all
you
[Music]
[Applause]
hello everyone I'm back in Cambridge
it's fab to be back although like
probably back has made me think Oh panic
exams are coming up I don't necessarily
associate fun times here at the moment I
associate exams and what with Cambridge
at the moment but I'm sure I'm going to
have fun in term after it sounds are
over so we'll just look forward to
summer and fun times after but yeah it
is gonna be quite time to work this time
I've come back early so I can just
revise I've got more exams next week so
I want to really smash those yeah I just
like to inform everyone that Sainsbury's
does indeed sell Marmite I take back my
original claim that it does not sell
Marmite and I was just looking in the
wrong aisle I'm incapable of navigating
a supermarket it seems but I'm very
happy because this is good take my
soldiers to the next level this term
[Music]
hey guys are back in my staircase my
parents have just on the most massive
Saints pretty short ever with me like
we've got bags and bags and bags this is
gonna fill up my fridge and you might be
thinking paid whoo I do need so much
food but the thing is CAF is closed this
week literally no meals within the
inmates meters week I have to survive on
my own cooking skills and like we all
know I'm not the best at cooking but my
mom has made me a meal plan I think I
know what I'm doing
I can manage pasta I can manage some
sort of stir fry things after trolleys
out this is our secret to getting all my
stuff into my room because I have to
clear out my room every term and then
move it all back in when I get back but
we have a trolley so that we can wheel
all my stuff to the car and then back
but it's much easier than carrying
everything
[Music]
okay and I've settled in I'm all
unpacked and my parents have left me for
another term
this is my sixth term at Cambridge now
my sixth how fast has that gone it
literally feels like yesterday that I
was just starting and now I'm one to my
sixth term
it's literally taking me no joke an hour
one whole hour
I have spent putting this noticeboard up
but it looks nice and to be honest it's
going to make me feel happy while I'm
revising like looking up at that notice
board it will just bring you know a
little bit of happiness into my life
when the rest of the time is revision
revision revision stress stress stress I
am the worst when it comes to exam
stress everyone's like how do you stay
calm how do you stay chill how do you
stay motivated I'm like don't ask me
these questions because I get stressed
so stressed and yeah when I want
something so much and I just really want
these grades and what I really want this
result it just stresses me out all I can
do is do my best and that's what I'm
gonna do I've got a handy little exam
countdown up 41 days until exams and I'm
gonna change that every day just to like
keep myself you know thinking oh I need
to work don't procrastinate and
hopefully it's gonna be a productive
term good morning everyone
so we're up early ish anyway and I'm
gonna go and get breakfast and make sure
I'm up and ready and working for nine
o'clock because honestly do you know
what you know what guys there is only 40
days until exams help us all help us
[Music]
hey everyone so I've done some pretty
good work this afternoon I resisted the
urge to go to a social I resisted the
urge to go for dinner with my friends so
that's actually two social opportunities
mr. day's sad times but also I've got
work to do and I did take quite a lot of
time off last week because obviously I
went on holiday anyway I'm taking a
break with you know regular breaks are
good and I'm cooking so it's gonna be
interesting
[Music]
okay that's my first meal of the week
consumed I didn't really like it I'll be
honest guys I think I need to work on my
cooking skills like it was all a bit of
a mess I just wasn't sure about timings
at all it tastes a bit dodgy we're gonna
up my game tomorrow I still think that
I'm a better chef than Edie and Tim I
can do fried eggs partly anyone can do
fried eggs it's dessert time okay so now
I finished eating my dinner I've had a
brief chat with my parents and now I'm
gonna do a little bit of reading just
because I started a book earlier today
and I'm actually getting quite into it
already and you know it one of my new
lifestyle changes I'm making this term
is to read more because I don't read
enough I miss reading and I used to love
reading when I was younger we're gonna
spend like maybe half an hour tops
doing a bit of reading and then I'm
gonna get back to work for this evening
my reading just got interrupted by a
fire alarm but they were like just
testing fire alarms it's just cut into
my reading time really so I've just
rounded up the day with a couple of
hours work before bed I reckon I've done
about eight hours work today which is
kind of I'm a mning for for the time
being each day when I haven't got any
structured contact hours at the moment
I'm just gonna aim for the eight hours
I'm gonna get to bed now because I'm
going on a run tomorrow morning okay
I've got up I'm just about to go for a
run I'm gonna go put my water bottle by
the door so I have it when I get back
cuz I'm not gonna run with it it's gonna
be a very short run you know but sure
every you know have a little bit of
exercise helps you'll be great
[Music]
hey guys so I'm sorry I haven't spoken
to you much today I've literally just
been revising all day so it's actually
quite boring and do you guys really want
to watch that I'm about to go and make
dinner
I reckon day two of page cooking for
herself surviving on her own cooking bit
of excitement in the day the most
excitement there has been today to be
honest since my run this morning which
actually went really well actually I am
less fit than I was last term like last
term I managed to run to concrete corner
and back this term I couldn't even make
it to concrete corner the fitness levels
have gone right down it's because I've
been sitting in my room in my desk chair
just studying all day every day like
literally yesterday I barely moved the
only movement I did was walking
downstairs to get food and back up to my
room it's so bad which is why I really
want to stick at these runs so I'm
actually gonna go in two days time again
as well and just try and keep exercising
I feel like this might start to stress
me out soon not gonna lie
the countdown is on also I just want to
say that pretty much this week my plans
are basically study all day every day
and that might seem really boring and
like I just don't have a life but I did
have pretty much a whole week off last
week basically I do go into quite
hardcore study mode when it gets to this
time of year when exams are fast
approaching and I think it's wise
because after exams are over I can relax
and have a fab summer and just enjoy
myself yeah I think the hard work now
just pays off I'm actually finally gonna
get food
hey guys so we found her cooking for the
third day on the trot no actually no
second down the truck I haven't I mean
maybe I'm gonna fail tomorrow as well
who knows I think it might be third time
lucky this evening the food was
disgusting
I had tortellini except okay it's
supposed to be chicken and bacon it
tastes like sausage it was supposed to
take me three minutes it took me about
15 minutes to cook because I put it on
the wrong wrong hob and turn the other
Holborn didn't notice for ages the
carbonara sauce was disgusting so I
didn't even put that on it in the end
and they exploded in the microwave as
well so to clean up the microwave after
it was just a disaster all around but
tomorrow I've got big plans for my meal
it's fine
and I just this evening sweet corn hey
guys so I've spent thus evening skyping
my friends from home and we all had a
bit of a catch-up which was quite nice I
haven't done any more work since dinner
I've been writing so many notes like you
don't realise how much paper you get
through I'm gonna have to go and buy
some new paper I think I might get ready
for bed
do a bit of reading in bed
[Music]
hey guys so I'm just going on a cheeky
little revision break I need to go click
some genes that I ordered into town
basically the reason I'm deciding to go
now is because it's so so so sunny
outside and my plan is to be no more
than an hour so literally by 3:00 I want
to be back sitting at my desk working
[Music]
evening everyone
so my dinner was actually a lot more
successful today I actually enjoyed it I
mean it wasn't anything special and I'm
not particularly excited about having it
again tomorrow evening but it was far
more edible than anything I've made in
the last two nights so progress has been
made today has not been as productive as
previous days to be honest when I got
back from the shops I never really
regained focus again like I was working
but I felt like I wasn't proper focused
on my work and then I've tried to do a
bit more than evening to make up for it
but still I just works really slowly
keep getting distracted so do you know I
think I need that you'll need a good
night's sleep and to start refreshed
tomorrow tomorrow it's gonna be a good
day and even the notice the library you
heard me the library to change up my
study place because I feel like it's all
getting a bit samey I've spent Monday
Tuesday Wednesday now and Sunday evening
sitting in my room revising I need to
change things up anyway I'm gonna go to
bed now to set that plan in action
morning guys so I've been on my run this
morning and I'm just about to head off
to the library yes I'm going with wet
hair because I don't want to waste time
drying my hair when it can just dry
naturally while I'm working and yeah I
think I've got everything to go it's
taking me longer to get myself all ready
to get out this room than I thought so
we're probably not gonna get the best
seat but it's fine
[Music]
everyone so thus afternoon I've come
back from the library I was so
productive in the library I forgot how
productive I actually am in the library
and I'm going to the library every day
from now on even if it's just for a few
hours like half a day I think it's
really really helpful but yeah so this
afternoon I've literally been editing
and scheduling videos for YouTube this
term is going to be so so intense I've
got exams and I'm just not gonna have
time to be editing throughout term so
I'm getting on top of that now and
making sure I've got video scheduled for
every single week so I don't miss an
upload and I of course will be filming
throughout this whole term anyway and so
all of looks will be going up it's just
a matter of time and when I'm going to
edit them but yeah
vlogs are coming don't worry I'm about
to go and get dinner you know because
the kitchens quite busy these days cuz
CAF is closed every single one of us is
cooking our own meals and we only have
to Hobbs we don't have an oven so like
literally everyone is queuing for the
hops and if I get down there early then
I can use them first
[Music]
hey peeps it's the evening I'm about to
go to bed I'm cooling in a day I have
actually successfully done three hours
of revision this evening I think that's
pretty productive for an evening in my
opinion so tomorrow my auntie is
visiting I'm seeing when auntie and her
friend she's meeting up with as well so
I'm going to join them for lunch the
good thing is because we're going out
for lunch I'm not gonna have to cook for
myself and then cat is back all on
Saturday so hallelujah I am getting food
cooked me again no more cooking for the
foreseeable future this week has really
made me appreciate CAF so much more I
know I need to learn to cook I know
cooking is a life skill and yes I need
to get better at it but this this week
has shown me how incompetent I am and
how much I rely on CAF and do you know
what is exam term it's a stressful term
you know the least thing I can ask for
us to have my food made 3 I'll pay the
price ok good morning I'm off to the
library should be good to start while
here at 9:30 which isn't bad you know me
sleep probably could have got up a bit
more properly this morning but let's go
[Music]
I've made out the library I'm so bored
but freedom for a few hours I'm going
out for lunch
okay so I've just put back to my room
quickly before I go meet my auntie and
her friend in the roost cuz they're
sitting in the cafe or life been in the
library that's just checking pigeon hole
got some mail this is the one I'm not so
excited about my exam info do you know
what I'm just going to slide it away
pretend it doesn't exist and look at it
later
do we want to stress out that exams
right now exams what were they hello
guys I'm off to the library for my
second library visit of the day I had a
great time going out for lunch with my
auntie and her friend wandered around
college it's been so sunny weather has
been beautiful but now I need to do
three hours it's what I'm saying I've
done six and a half hours total today
that's decent I came back from the
library time went quite quickly you're
not gonna lie like I was looking at my
watch like wait well even I've been in
here three hours when I was in the
library I looked outside and I was like
oh yeah
it's dark now cuz you just kind of
forget like I had the light on I was
working in the library like in my booth
focused head down you look out the
window and you're like oh it's dark
outside hello guys my morning run is
complete and I didn't even stop today
I'm actually really getting into these
runs I quite like doing a bit of
exercise obviously as soon as I get in
for my run I go get my bowl of cereal
and then we'll shower gets the library
for nine the last few days I've got
before my mock on Tuesday and I've
really want that to go well if I fail my
mock at this point imagine how panicked
I'll be imagine we don't want that panic
in our life okay we've showered and got
myself ready for the day and I'm now off
to the library where I apparently live
now
[Music]
hello everyone so a group of us have
come out for a walk just in my lunch
break you know got tired in the library
we're struggling to focus for three
hours which is a bit of a worry because
my exams are three hours long but we'll
move past that and now I've come for a
walk we're gonna go Sainsbury's so I can
get some fruit and bread because I am
running out of provisions it's been
almost a week since my parents did my
Saints were shot and I need more food
but this weather is lovely it makes it
hard to return to the library we've had
an hour and a half off which is quite a
long lunch break in my opinion I've been
out in the Sun got a bit of sunlight
fresh air you know that I've left
basically questions that my supervisors
have asked to be handed in till now to
force myself to work effectively now
because I knew I'd wealth effectively
the earlier in the holiday and then at
this point I'd be like oh don't carry on
but I necessarily have to carry on
because this work has to be handed in
and my second library session of the day
is complete I spent way too many hours
in the library today seriously but we
are free now I'm going for CAF in about
five minutes and then after half I'm
gonna do some more work because physics
is hard and I need to put the hours in
if I'm gonna have any hope of
understanding it but I'm not gonna work
for a long time this evening just cuz
I've done a lot of hours like during the
day today don't want to burn out and cap
has started again I've got burgers it's
pull pork which is my favourite and
we're sitting outside which is what we
do when it's sunny in summer term I'm
relying on the grass and here's my old
home Chapel cool good old chapel cool
and here's here's the picnic squad and
good morning everybody and happy Easter
to you all it is Easter Sunday today I
am well aware that by the time this
video goes up it's probably gonna be way
past Easter it's probably summer right
now when you're watching this in which
case well done Paige you finished exams
now good work this is gonna get me
through revision a cream egg easter egg
you know when you need like nice food to
help you go through all this tiring
exhausting stressful exam season yeah
this is going to
today I've decided to revise outside and
I'm having quite a nice time to be
honest I've got my notes doing some
passed paper questions got my flashcards
got some Sun cream on so I don't burn
especially on my nose in here cuz I
always burn now not today and yeah we're
just gonna revise until calf lunch I'm
gonna go for a roast it's lunchtime I've
got a roast I say happy yeah hello
everyone so pretty much this morning has
been pretty unproductive I just ended up
spending time enjoying the Sun chatting
with friends to make up things I
definitely need to do an afternoon and
evening in the library even though look
it's still so beautiful outside I just
can't go out there I need to go to the
library because I've got a muck in two
days time I have not covered all the
clinton i need to before the mock yet
I've got stuff ready to hand in in a few
days time hello guys so you just missed
a bit of excitement cuz I had a bird in
my room I came back and it was
terrifying cuz that's a bird just
sitting there minding its own business
in my sitting in my room I'm never
leaving the window open again terrified
I came back from the library because I
was fooling asleep basically guys I mean
not literally but I just feel myself
getting tireder and tireder and I was
like I need coffee that's the only
answer so I can keep powering through so
I came back to my room to get coffee I'm
now drinking my coffee and then I will
return to the library because actually
all my stuff is literally set up as I
left it I am midway through a question
let's drink this coffee and then return
I've come on a walk because my break was
supposed to be five minutes yes but
we've extended it because it's such a
lovely day is Easter Sunday which is
like a rest day of course
just going to get ice cream from a Romi
as you can see I am still not back in
the library don't judge me
this ice cream is very good would
recommend dark chocolate flavor
[Music]
okay that's it we're done for the day
I've just come back from my evening
library session one sec let me just
close my curtains it's actually crazy
how many people are in the library uh
10:30 on a Sunday evening crazy like the
library was honestly still really really
busy when I left I suppose that's just
exam term for you like everyone's got
exams coming up and all that but oh I
wouldn't ordinarily want to be working
at this time and to be honest I prefer
getting my work done in the middle of
the day but the thing yesterday it was
so sunny that I just wanted to take
breaks in the Sun so now all kind of um
next week term begins I have my mock
exam on Tuesday lectures start
supervision star and it's all gonna get
a bit hectic again exams are gonna creep
up faster than ever
I bet thank you very much for watching
please get the video thumbs up please do
like it if you enjoyed Oh let's let's
aim for a number of likes let's aim for
two thousand likes on this video
I think that's doable please do
subscribe to see more videos from me if
you're not already subscribed hit the
notification bell so you know when I
upload don't want to miss a video full
of millions to gram and I think that's
everything I'll see you soon with
another video guys bye
[Music]